Assignment-5
Implement all the functions of a dictionary (ADT) using hashing and handle 
collisions using separate chaining using linked list.
Data: Set of (key, value) pairs, Keys are mapped to values, Keys must be 
comparable, Keys must be unique. Standard Operations: Insert (key, value),Find(key), Delete(key)

Assignment-6
Represent a given graph using adjacency list to perform DFS and BFS. Use the map 
of the area around the college as the graph. Identify the prominent landmarks as 
nodes and perform DFS and BFS on that.

Assignment-7
You have a business with several offices; you want to lease phone lines to connect 
them up with each other; and the phone company charges different amounts of 
money to connect different pairs of cities. You want a set of lines that connects all 
your offices with a minimum total cost. Solve the problem by suggesting appropriate 
data structures.

Assignment-8
Given sequence k = k1 <k2 < … <kn of n sorted keys, with a search probability pi 
for each key ki . Build the Binary search tree that has the least search cost given the 
access probability for each key.

Assignment-9
A Dictionary stores keywords and its meanings. Provide facility for adding new 
keywords, deleting keywords, updating values of any entry. Provide facility to 
display whole data sorted in ascending/ Descending order. Also find how many 
maximum comparisons may require for finding any keyword. Use Height balance 
tree and find the complexity for finding a keyword

Assignment-10
Implement the Heap sort algorithm implemented in Java demonstrating heap data 
structure with modularity of programming language

Assignment-11
Department maintains a student information. The file contains roll number, name, 
division and address. Allow user to add, delete information of student. Display 
information of particular employee. If record of student does not exist an appropriate 
message is displayed. If it is, then the system displays the student details. Use 
sequential file to main the data.

Assignment-12
Implementation of a direct access file -Insertion and deletion of a record from a 
direct access file